# Project Outer Base - 2D Sci-fi Game
# Author/Developer: Le Duy An Tran
# About
A 2D sci-fi top down pixel game built on a self-designed planet renovation story line in which humanity will eventually fly to another planet for life after the Earth's destruction. Upon landing this liveable planet - the Oatis, they met another alien civilization living here. Even though it is a planet with civilization, however, the life quality here and the infrastructure of the cities here has not advanced to high-level technology as humanity. In order to stay alive, humanity had decided to live  and grow with the Oatisians, help them achieve higher life quality. The player will be part of the community that helps the Oatisian rebuild and improve the planet, farming, building business, amusement centers, or renovating and rebuilding cities, exporing new areas and adventure quests.
# Features/ Mechanics:
I mostly used arrays to store grid information and Unity Game Engine built-in Scriptable Objects to programming these features. More about Scriptable Objects: https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-ScriptableObject.html. These are grid-based implementations: 
1. Grid-based Cursor Visuals: The cursor will get the position of the grid and return whether or not the grid is suitable to perform the actions that player is requesting (e.g. Drop Items/ Chop/ Break/ Hoe/ Water/ Plant/ Place Item). If the grid/position can be performed such actions return in green cursor interface, otherwise it is red cursor interface.
2. Farming: Player can chop down the trees gaining different amount of woods, and seeds, or break different types of rocks giving random amount of stones. Player can also dig/hoe the ground preparing for planting trees, bushes using seeds and watering them. Then whenever it is time for the fruit to be fully grown, they can be harvested.
3. Furnitures/Object Placing/Building: The placeable objects or funitures are able to be placed and picked up again for replacement. Tables, or fences can be connectable to create larger objects. The placeable objects or furnitures are only be dropped or placed whenever the grid is allow to drop/place. 
4. Dropping Items: Items will be stored as having several types - starting items, droppable items, placeable items, etc. Dropping system is built based on the grid information, getting information from the grid whether or not the grid is of type droppable. 
